Use of one stream to achieve in-order delivery (#84)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

streams in QUIC that are used for control on the QUIC connection, however,
these streams are not exposed to the application.

Mapping of application data to streams is application-specific and described for
HTTP/s in {{QUIC-HTTP}}. In general data that can be processed independently,

> and therefore would suffer from head of line blocking, if forced to be received

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and therefore would suffer from head of line blocking if forced to be received
```

> in order, should be transmitted over different streams. If the application,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order, should be transmitted over different streams. If the application
```

> however, requires certain data to be received in order, the same stream should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires certain data to be received in order, the same stream should
```

be used for that data. If there is a logical grouping of data chunks or
messages, streams can be reused, or a new stream can be opened for each

> chunk/message. If one message is mapped on a single stream, resetting the stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chunk/message. If one message is mapped to a single stream, resetting the stream
```

> if the message is not needed anymore, can be used to emulate partial reliability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to expire an unacknowledged message can be used to emulate partial reliability
```
